[Music]
how can we state that and Detroit Sun
lion don't leave the Serengeti I beside
it's gonna be our year I think Billy you
realize you don't were spot ever
I'm not gonna let you ruin your lifetime
no jokes in Hal
everything's fine stay out of it put
some clothes on will ya we're going for
custard y'all know who my dad is right
now I know what he saw I know your broke
ass which says your name ones for it a
white boy Rick you got some balls coming
here like you did you should come out a
skater or sometimes we're not like this
but like you robbed the Kmart or
something you're good Rick you want to
move wait you come to meet my dad finds
this he'll kick my ass just make sure he
doesn't find it then break it down the
Dom rocks get yourself a crew and
offload it before long people in lugging
the jib
you're gonna get into deep man they're
recommends 14 ounces such a weight you
point first time I look in your eyes I
knew you were gonna be a big when
your life was gonna be bigger than mine
look at this sad look how we're living
let's hustle big I know the players man
I know the game
hey come on dad I can do this we can do
this we can fix our lives and be a
family again
what do you say
ask yourself this would you believe a
fifteen-year-old kid was working for the
federal government but it was what you
all got him
[Music]